hello everyone this is a rummy bear 22
review here bring you another vintage
Biman review and today I have chrome
Harrier from the cartridge system line
so just like cobalt blaster this is a
cartridge system b-daman
the latest in the battle Biman series
well was the latest in the series it's
long gone now but so yeah this is a
pretty old model as you can tell from
the box wear and tear and all that stuff
but yes so quick look on the box we have
chrome harrier big shot of them right
there we have gray Michael Vincent in
the corner here his owner and we have
the cartridge little preview here of the
cartridge system setup the item number
107 battle ping one cartridge system
this is the Japanese version says Takara
right there on the top here we have a
front and side view of the blaster we
have the shows here yes the to speed
shots that come with a blaster it does
not come with regular be dama or betta
balls it is only the speed shots so
that's pretty cool so item number 107 I
mentioned that already why am i doing
that we have then again how the
cartridge works you load to beat balls
inside it and furthermore these are all
the parts the helmet the feet the
skeleton the cartridge mechanism and we
have again another shot of chrome
Harrier what appears to be yeah two
modes you can put him in gun reform or
sprinter form gun reform allows to use
two little wing pieces up here as little
supports to use as a makeshift magazine
and the sprinter form has them reclined
down for I guess easier control I don't
know I think it makes more sense to have
them like that honestly there's really
no difference so I think gun reform is
probably the only form you really need
if you were to use him again another
shot here of him being fired we have the
cartridge mechanism being used we have
the
double shot feature which basically
allows for the cartridge to fire to beat
balls at once as shown right here so yes
setting that we have a image here of
chrome harrier using kingbach usos
barrel and a magazine so you can use 0
to
Biman parts for this I guess if you have
the proper attachments to use them but
yes again cartridge right here the stats
of the speed shot the DHB armor as well
as barrel and magazine attachments as
well as a two-handed grip that is
exclusive I believe to cobalt blaster
and oh yes and we have some strike shots
right here so we have the drive shot the
speed shots up side down to luck yes so
drive shot the speed shot the impact
shot a normal beatable and I'm not quite
familiar with this strike shot but I
know it comes with kill Scorpio so who
knows I might do a review on him at some
point but that's still in the dark since
that's the box and this is the b-daman
so he looks really nice he's got a
primary primarily a red color scheme
going on unlike his previous predecessor
chrome Ravan cyclone which was mostly
all black this guy's red it's got some
black stuff back here and yeah so the
this stuff the cartridge mechanism is a
deep dark black so it's kind of hard to
see on the camera here but basically if
you're still in familiar with the
cartridge system you have two
compartments you have one for normal
betta balls if you'd like to use them
just like the regular blasters or you
have the cartridge mechanism so this is
the cartridge right here it has two two
shots in here Stu okay two speed shots
inside like I said it only comes with
two strikes shots which are the speed
shots for the chrome series and here is
where the trigger would pass through the
cartridge so again a little firing demo
just load the cartridge complete with
one of these little lines lined up
a horizontally or vertically and you
load it oh wait let's I load it in like
that and get a little bit of space here
and we have a two shot fire so like I
said in my cobalt blaster review this is
similar to the twin drawers roast
feature from cross fight b-daman
so if you're familiar with that and of
course you have the normal compartment
here which you can just load beat balls
normally just like that so that's pretty
much it so yeah that's pretty much all
the features to Chrome Harrier it's kind
of got like a bird like again similar to
Chrome right and cyclone he's always had
the whole like raven or you know bird
like plane motif going on here and it
kind of looks like that this looks like
a if you put the wings down here like it
said in the was called a sprinter form
yeah just like that there basically have
like two wings uh
but yes we've got an elongated trigger
here too you know of course to fire the
two shots inside the blaster or the
cartridge and we also have a little clip
here to hold the trigger stationary
which I don't know why that's there but
that's there and yes that's pretty much
it
we've got the little folding pieces
inside there it uses I didn't mention
this in cobalt in the cobalt blaster
review but there's actually it's just
like the drive core basically you've got
two little folding pieces inside here
and you got a little rubber one at the
bottom so they all pretty much share the
same firing core which I hadn't
mentioned before but they do and that's
pretty much it the stickers again are
really shiny they glare a lot like
seriously holy cartridge system there we
got grey he always has his name on his
b-daman
if I can zoom in on that yep he always
has his name on the beat him on again we
have chrome Harrier on the side here and
we have a you can above the box showed
this where was it
yeah here you can shoot it with both
hands but with the being how small is
you can't fire with one so just like the
previous chrome series it kind of
heralds back to the one handed grip but
you can use two if you want to and yes
so that's pretty much it for the chrome
Harrier cartridge system blaster if you
like this review please comment rate and
subscribe give that like button some
love you know really helps me out a lot
and congratulations thank you so much
for 1000 subscribers it means a lot to
me really so thank you so much I'm
really glad we finally hit the thousand
mark so again if you like what you see
throw more likes more shares all that
fun stuff subscribe if you haven't and I
will see you in the next video goodbye